---
layout: post
title: Alpha
date: 2018-03-30 12:03 +1200
---

alpha version (plural alpha versions)

(computing, technology) An early version of a program or application, typically unstable, but useful to show what the product will do. Sometimes this stage is referred to as a preview version. Sometimes no more features are added after this release, but bug fixes continue. This release comes after a pre-alpha version and before a beta version. As opposed to a beta version an alpha version is usually not feature complete.


As we progress into and through week 6 we are having a greater look at what exactly our first (usable) versions would be for aviation insurance and progressing to reach interactive version of the webcrawler website. We have said MVP but it is also maybe more commonly known as Alpha version. 

Phase One of Aviation Insurance would be the MVP as it would allow use of the site with back and front end communication. Raymond is working on having the site being hosted on a server and has made contact with the Ops/security team to have a server set up for him. Meanwhile he has been working on building the site that will be hosted and is progressing steadily. The Webcrawlers team also liaise with David who keeps them on track and allocates tasks at the start of the week. I have short spontaneous weekly meetings with Ray to track progress and he is succesfully moving towards an MVP of his own. 

With David overseeing Webcrawlers I simply have quick meetings with Ray so I can update Adon on the team's progress, I feel my interaction with this is much less important with David overseeing it but I keep in contact with Ray as he is still a WEB DEV team member and if there is ever something he is doing which relates to the other team members work with ACL we can have team members work together to help him or vice versa. It is also important to keep track of the progress in case his tasks are nearing an end in which case Ray would need a new task or rejoin an already big ACL team. 

