---
layout: post
title: Showcase
date: 2018-06-19 21:50 +1200
---

The Showcase was a much bigger event than I had expected. 

My Day for showcase started with a presentation for another class which was somewhat well timed as I was suited up for showcase as well.
Following my morning class I went to the project room and helped with preparing for the showcase. I helped move a lot of furniture and also helped by retrieving the guillotine from upstairs and working with Adon to set up the scannable cards for APT Marketing. I did spend most of my time helping however I also spent time on my DSMI assignment which was due at 5pm. This also included helping set up the computer for the web projects.

There was an incident where Michael accidentally Broke a bottle of wine and everyone kind of just moved away from the area of incident. I told people "Help Him" while I left to grab towels and the big roll of things in the kitchen(the one by the toilets outside the project room). When I returned with the roll I noticed everyone had just further moved away from the spill and no one had any intention of helping. I wrapped multiple rolls around my hand and dropped them, me and Michael stamped them into the ground to help absorb the spill and then I went and opened more Windows as I had previously opened some beacuse it was getting too hot, now to air out the smell. This all happened quite quickly and I was greatly dissapointed at the fellow project students who were there during the incident in their reaction to Michael breaking the bottle and not lending a hand.

Once all was set up we had to arrange early ushers as the initial plan was only for 5:30 to 6:00 but we needed to Usher the early birds as well. I went and found some of the already registered ushers, Patrick and ____ can't remember his name.. he's not in my project groups... but yes Patrick and another Project student to be early ushers, I later found Corbin and Femi to start an early ushering shift and then relieved Patrick and his friend of their duties as me and Albert started ushering the other door. Albert was quite the natural usher and we met and old friend, Matt Tucker. After my ushering was over I searched for the next set of ushers and found out they had already made their way down so I concluded my overtaking of usher management role and explored the showcase with Matt as Albert returned to the Web Dev team. After showing Matt around I chose to mingle and guide other visitors around the showcase area... I even had to demonstrate the IOT gate thing as when I was showing one family around everyone in that room had left.. and it was empty.. which I later realised was becuase Adon was starting to do a speech. After I demonstrated the gate thing(which I remmebered how it worked when I did my first touring round with Matt) I was luckily saved by Sam(Farmbot Sam/Indian Sam) becuase I would not have been able to demonstrate FarmBot.

After this we returned to the project room and realized there was Adon speaking and listended to this.

The rest of the Night was mainly mingling.